I'll give you a general appointment at the Chamber of Commerce. Today is the occasion.
I advise you yourself. Facing humiliation.
how. You, an outsider, can come and join my classmates.
And you, your horizons are always changing.
Will eat for free. I become me,
I rely on my hands and feet to step up.
Okay, okay. It's rare that there are so many people today.
I met my mentor again who expanded my needs,
Being of the same sex as b for such a waste.
Let’s cover the most important part first
Taking the lead
Present this piece first
compared to original kindness
Always good but not ideal
Then let me show you first
Then I will give it to my mentor
Space pen made of red gold
I bought a copy for my mentor
Lifelong female coin maintenance challenge with rewards
By good students like you
Quite distracting
Their questions came to light
what have you prepared